This is README file for this simulation example. 
It will provide an outline for the functionality of each file. 
In order to run the simulation, you may use the command line: 

<executable> -d example2_demography.txt -s example2_selection.txt -o example2_output.txt -c 2 1 0

This example gives the framework for a simulation of numerous admixed populations that are all related through complex demography. 

Here, we use '-c 2 1 0' to simulate a single autosomal chromsome within a dieocious population (X has length 0).
Initially a single population (0) is founded with proportions 0.998 and 0.002 ancestry. For the following
20 generations, this subpopultion experiences migration from the ancestral ancestry 1 subpopulation at rate
0.002 per generation, the remaining 0.998 proportion of individuals are generated from offspring of the previous
generation within subpopulation 1. At generation 20, ancestral migration stops. 

While in previous examples, the population size stayed constant throughout the entire simulation, 
this demography file specifies that populations “1” and “2” are founded during the simulation. 
For example, refer to generation 150 of the “example2_demography.txt” – note that population “1” 
grows from 1 individual to 5000 individuals; in generation 200, population “1” shrinks to one individual.
We do this because subpopulations must exist throughout the simulation in SELAM, but a single individual
is not computationally expensive and is therefore a placeholder until the population is founded.  
Likewise, note that each generation, migration between subpopulations is taking place: in this particular case, 
population “1” and “2” replace population “0” at generation 150 and generation 200, respectively. 

The output file instructs SELAM to output 200 females from population “2” and “0” after generation 400. 
As can be seen in the output file, “example2_output.txt,” the output for population “2” can be retrieved 
from “example2_pop2.txt” while the output for population “0” goes to “example2_pop0.txt.” 
Once again, the individuals will be represented by ancestry tract information as described in the manual– 
the output will give an alternating sequence of each chromosome, organized by ancestry type. 

The file “example2_selection.txt” gives a population specific selection. 
For a complete understanding of the selection file format, refer to the manual. 
In this example, a selected locus on chromosome 0 at position 0.5 is specified. 
The following nine values provide the selection coefficients for genotypes in each subpopulation (i.e. AA, Aa, aa). 
For example, if an individual in population “2” has the genotype AA for the selected loci, 
the corresponding selection coefficient is 0.95; 
if the individual had the genotype Aa, the corresponding selection coefficient would be 0.975. 
Whereas if the individual had the genotype aa, the corresponding selection coefficient is 1. 

